it may be spicy but one more time today
the friends are having a barbecue party
it's ready to eat
wow that's so good yeah I wish I could
eat this every day do you want to take
some home really a week later the
friends are playing soccer no way whoa
whoa nice pass that bass was to you I'm
not in great shape Oh Eddie help me up
oh my
finally whoa whoa why can't you get up
on your own Oh ditto has been eating
only beef all week he hasn't eaten any
vegetables no that's because it's so
good
that's why you gained weight it's okay
let's play another soccer match okay I'm
on Betty's team hey what about me
what if we're on your team it's obvious
we're gonna lose it's obvious you're
going to lose oh oh so I'm a little
heavier
you'll be fine after you eat some
vegetables but vegetables don't taste
good
there is a way to make them taste good
hmm it's a salad with some yummy
dressing loopy it's still just
vegetables then how about try dare fight
vegetables and sesame oil it does smell
good what I'm still not going to eat it
come on you also have to vegetables
forget it I don't like vegetables I'm
leaving Oh what lovato still won't eat
vegetables then what should we do now oh
I have a good idea hey what's this it's
red pepper paste let's see hmm
life is going something but it will
definitely help her do it your
vegetables okay but how oh I have a good
idea
yippee
princess
what is today's dish it's been about
rice and vegetables mixed with red
pepper paste
I wonder if Pororo will eat bibimbap
then why I need your help gather around
oh I'm so hungry where is everyone
oh those sounds are coming from Goofy's
house let's check it out this is where
you've all been Oh what were you doing
Ruby may be yummy mix vegetables with
red pepper paste you try it too
vegetables again oh no thanks
okay then let's eat by ourselves okay
let's eat I didn't want it anyway
is it really that hard well too bad for
boat at all it's so good what can we do
he doesn't want to eat it oh maybe I'll
just try one bite sure give it a try
there's no way vegetables can taste good
huh let's see
are these really vegetables that's right
what do you think Oh
it's slightly spicy but it's really good
this spice makes it better get stuck it
looks like Oh todo likes the peeping bop
with red pepper paste